# Assumptions from WP2 Document

## Core Material

It is stated that amorphous material and the nano-crystalline material are the most suitable for  high frequency transformers. 

nano-crystalline is better, but operation temperature is limited (120 C), and it is more expensive.


## Winding

Low voltage side: Foil topology (reduces the size and weight).
High voltage side: Circular strands (mechanical strength and increased dielectric strength).

## Insulation 

Dry transformer is chosen for increased reliability. Epoxy material is used for insulation.

Water cooling system to reduce the size.


## Literature

Increasing frequency of a transformer reduces its volume and cost, however, the transformer should be designed carefully to minimise losses. Thus, important factors shift as shown in Table XX.

							Important Factors
50/60 Hz Line transformer 	core mass, copper losses, volume
High frequency transformer 	skin effect, core losses, parasitic capacitance, cooling, inverter-transformer coupling, resonance

IGBT's can now carry 6.5 kV-750A, though it is expected that IGBT voltage will increase up to 10 kV.

In \cite{Prasai2007}, it is stated that the weight and size of a 3 MW 1.2 kHz transformer is less than %8 of an equivalent 50 Hz unit.

## Medium Frequency Transformers

Challenges of MF transformers \cite{Villar2010}:
- Loss reduction for a new operation point within the frequency range.
- Efficient thermal management, higher power levels are contained in equal
volumes.
- High-dielectric stress generated by rapidly changing rectangular voltage waveforms.
- High-isolation levels, usually these transformers are part of a multilevel structure.
- Generation of acoustic noise, which reaches the most sensitive range of the human ear.
